Skip to content
Permalink
Branch: master
Find file Copy path
Find file Copy path
4 contributors

Users who have contributed to this file

@jordanh @mattkrick @ackernaut @dan-f
2502 lines (1712 sloc) 62 KB

Parabol Change Log

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file. This project adheres to Semantic Versioning.

This CHANGELOG follows conventions outlined here.

4.19.0 2020-Jan-23

Changed

  • Made a first pass at implementing the new dashboard IA see #3488
  • Avatars only appear in the meeting when actually in the meeting view see #3496
  • The meeting lobby remembers the last meeting type a team has run see #3501
  • Updated uWS to v17.1.0 see #3512

Fixed

  • Made several bug fixes in a single PR see #3494
  • Made minor fixes in the meeting lobby see #3500
  • Bumped the version of uWS to clear up some errors see #3512

Removed

  • Dataloader caching per user see #3512
  • Sending sentry errors for service worker scopes #3512

4.18.0 2020-Jan-15

Added

  • Reactjis during Discuss Phase
  • Editable meeting name

4.17.5 2020-Jan-13

Removed

  • Disabled Datadog apm

4.17.4 2020-Jan-13

Fixed

  • Upgraded to Node v13.6.0, no longer treat RethinkDBError as an unhandledRejection

4.17.3 2020-Jan-12

Added

  • pm2 to production deploy with mem limit (~1.2G)
  • Datadog apm

4.17.2 2020-Jan-10

Fixed

  • Safely handle closing websocket that doesn't yet have a connection context

4.17.1 2020-Jan-10

Fixed

  • Use forwarded IP address instead of IP of reverse proxy

4.17.0 2019-Dec-20

Fixed

  • ratelimiter for forgot example/bad login
  • Memory leak in Relay SSR

Added

  • uWebSockets.js
  • Session invalidation on password reset

Removed

  • Express.js, cws
  • Auth0

Changed

  • Refactored dataloader to be much more memory efficient
  • Shorter mass invite links #3469

4.16.1 2019-Dec-18

Fixed

  • querystring parsing for SAML urls with search params

4.16.0 2019-Dec-10

Changed

  • Broke GraphQL into 2 services
  • Refactored objects to classes for easier memory leak debugging

Added

  • DataLoaderCache
  • GraphQLRedisPubSub

Fixed

  • Memory leak traced to resolve fn in pullQueue of graphql-redis-subscription
  • Borked version of GraphiQL

Removed

  • dataloader-warehouse
  • graphql-redis-subscriptions

4.15.0 2019-Dec-04

Added

  • New meeting lobby (#3364)
  • Optional check-in phase (#3364)
  • console.logs for monitor when meeting summary does not scroll (#3397)
  • Initial support for VSCode (#3398)
  • Server debugger support for VSCode (#3400)
  • A lightweight heap profiler that runs every hour (#3399)
  • A heavy duty heap dumper that should only be run when there is no server load (#3399)

Fixed

  • GraphiQL Public Schema (#3397)
  • Cannot vote on optimistic reflection groups (#3397)
  • Snackbars can handle error string and object (#3397)
  • GraphQL validation error when an abstract object could return a null or non-null of the same name (#3398)
  • FOUC for Material Icons (#3400)
  • Gracefully handle fetches that fail when Google's language API is down (#3400)
  • Times in Slack notifications are relative to the timezone of whomever sent the message (#3400)
  • Subscriptions work after initial login (#3400)
  • AcceptTeamInnvitation has correct error when login credentials are wrong (#3405)

Changed

  • Disconnecting does not promote someone else to facilitator (#3397)

4.14.0 2019-Nov-27

Added

  • A subscription channel for each meeting (#3376)

Removed

  • Auth0 (#3372)

Fixed

  • Race condition to 2 votes (#3367)

4.13.1 2019-Nov-20

Fixed

  • Auto-checkin meeting members who joined the team after a meeting started
  • Gracefully handle group/ungroup errors

4.13.0 2019-Nov-19

Fixed

  • Summary intermittently couldn't scroll (#3361)
  • Errors caused by updateTask didn't show on the Task card (#3361)
  • Empty reflections are now removed when completing the grouping phase (#3361)
  • Empty tasks are removed before generating the meeting summary (#3361)
  • Reflections being edited while advancing to the vote stage would stay editable (#3357)
  • Drop animations for reflections at the bottom of a column (#3336)

Added

  • Back button to the Forgot Password view (#3358)
  • Transitions to online avatars in the meetings (#3356)
  • Backend support for an optional check-in round (#3355)
  • Ability to add reflections from the Reflect phase while the Group phase is still in progress (#3354)

Changed

  • Invite Dialog View (#3351)
  • Moved meetings from /meeting/:teamId to /meet/:meetingId to support future multi-meetings
  • E4E Policy to reflect new funding round (#3347)
  • Upgraded to Typescript 3.7
  • Upgraded a bunch of other dependencies

4.12.0 2019-Nov-11

Fixed

  • Janky reflection animation when dropping & animating to the bottom of a scrollable column (#3297)
  • Sentry bugs from Nov 6 - 11
  • Regression where viewer could not add/remove reflect templates

Removed

  • Redux (#3323)

Changed

  • Refactored all old patterns that relied on unsafe react methods (#3323)

4.11.0 2019-Nov-06

Fixed

  • Janky expand/collapse reflection animation (#3322)
  • Create reflections in demo group phase (#3321)
  • Z-Index levels (#3320)
  • Timer reset on stage change (#3319)
  • Meeting sidebar headers (#3314)

Changed

  • Set client/server envs on Sentry (#3311)
  • Upgraded to Relay v7 (#3306)

4.10.1 2019-Nov-04

Fixed

  • Mid-meeting invitation would reset meeting (hotfix)
  • Bumped Cypress version to fix CI breaks

4.10.0 2019-Oct-31

Fixed

  • Randomize check-in order for retros (#3226)
  • Removed a handful of calls to Sentry to reduce noise (#3292)

Changed

  • Moved to rethinkdb-ts driver from rethinkdbdash (#3285)

4.9.0 2019-Oct-16

Fixed

  • Editor crash on undefined mentions (#3272)
  • Allow scrollable sections in meeting left nav (#3264)
  • Fix team member name update (#3258)
  • Redirect to correct meeting if hit the wrong url (#3257)

Removed

  • Legacy LoadableDraftJSModal (#3273)
  • react-dnd & friends from deps (#3267)
  • Active meeting dialog on team dash (#3262)

Changed

  • Meeting Avatar Group only shows connected members (#3266)
  • Show retro groups without votes in discussion phase (#3260)

4.8.3 2019-Oct-15

Fixed

  • Delete single record for startNewMeeting race

4.8.2 2019-Oct-10

Fixed

  • Spelling error on sidebar "Faciltator" to "Facilitator"

4.8.1 2019-Oct-09

Removed

  • dumpy, the memory leak debugging tool, from starting on startup

4.8.0 2019-Oct-09

Added

  • New meeting sidebar
    • New mobile-friend control to appoint facilitator
    • Shows each meeting stage, and its completion status, more clearly
  • Show discounts on invoices, other invoice calculaton and display improvements
  • Adds better logging for console errors
  • We now typecheck client & server in parallel
  • Lazy make auth0 manager

Fixed

  • Hopefully fixes #3120, summary unable to be scrolled until refreshed
  • Fix #3194, this.editorRef.current.focus is not a function
  • Fix #3195, cannot read property 'findIndex' of undefined
  • Fix #3196, TypeError: t is undefined
  • Fix #3198, TypeError: Cannot read property 'firstElementChild' of undefined
  • Fix #3229, add tolerance to matching up Stripe invoice data
  • Clear dataloader cache for new account logins

4.7.0 2019-Oct-02

Added

  • Adds Google Tag Manager to SSR (PR #3215)

4.6.0 2019-Sep-25

Added

  • New retrospective grouping experience:
    • Preserves columns while grouping
    • Group across columns
    • Add and edit new items during grouping phase
    • Works on mobile
  • New conversion squeeze modal which is turned on by an admin mutation

Removed

  • Refactor of the way our color palette is defined and used in the app

4.5.3 2019-Sep-23

Removed

  • Google language client (source of memory leak since v3.16.0)

4.5.2 2019-Sep-23

Added

  • Dumpy to dump stack heap info when SIGPIPE received

Fixed

  • make start meeting more transactional to avoid duplicate start meetings

4.5.1 2019-Sep-20

Removed

  • Test removing Sentry to verify memleak

4.5.0 2019-Sep-19

Changed

  • Moved webhook GraphQL handlers to the private schema

Fixed

  • Billing leaders now see inactivity tag on Org Member view

4.4.3 2019-Sep-18

Fixed

  • False positive for "Login with Google" when tms does not exist on auth0 token

4.4.2 2019-Sep-12

Added

  • Support moving multiple teams to a single org & archiving empty orgs

Fixed

  • Clean up legacy tables in DB
  • Corrected JWT expiry

4.4.1 2019-Sep-11

Fixed

  • IdP-initiated login flow

4.4.0 2019-Sep-11

Added

  • Added enterprise invoicing (#3158)

4.3.2 2019-Sep-06

Fixed

  • Service worker no longer caches HTML documents, fixes SAML login
  • Cypress credentials

4.3.0 2019-Sep-05

Added

  • SAML support

Fixed

  • UI touchups (Pro tag, timeline padding)

v4.2.0 2019-Aug-28

Added

  • Modal at beginning of demo

Removed

  • Aprhodite in favor of emotion

Fixed

  • Various UI touch-ups:
    • uniform gutters for task column header
    • fixes ellipsis
    • fixes due date bg color
    • improves editing + due date block layout
    • Organization list now a responsive layout

v4.1.0 2019-Aug-14

Added

  • Mobile-first reflect phase (#3087)
  • New check-in questions (#3086)
  • Task columns now use react-beautiful-dnd

Changed

  • Adds the lemma to the reflection when it is created/updated instead of when the reflect phase is complete (#3092)
  • The Pro tier is now $6 per user per month

Fixed

  • Many, many meeting bug fixes
  • Fixed issues with tasks
  • Fixed group demo animations & discuss overflow (#3097)
  • Fixed another agenda scrolling regression

v4.0.1 2019-Aug-09

Fixed

  • Temporarily remove tags from sentry to see if it caused mem leak

v4.0.0 2019-Aug-05

Added

  • New repo, new major version: now a Parabol is a monorepo!
    • The client now has its own (much shorter) package.json
    • The client, server, testing suite, and service worker now all get their own tsconfig which means we can do much faster typechecking on incremental builds
    • We now use sucrase instead of babel to build the server, which means faster server startup (almost 75% faster!)
    • We can share const enum values across the client and server
  • Added a service worker to manage the local cachng of files: Parabol is much snappier after it loads!
  • Helpers to load cross-site SVG and Javascript files

Fixed

  • Timer snackbar z-index (#3050)
  • Fix theme color (address bar on mobile)

Removed

  • We no longer depend on Fontawesome

v3.17.2 2019-Jul-30

Fixed

  • Agenda list cannot be scrolled (#3070)

v3.17.0 2019-Jul-26

Added

  • Segment events for team invites (#3040)
  • Segment events for meeting timer (#3039)

Changed

  • Toasts to snackbar (#3026)
  • Upgraded Relay to fork of v5 (#3014)
  • Upgraded react-beautiful-dnd to v11 (#3041)
  • Upgraded a bunch of smaller deps (#3041)

Fixed

  • Login bug for safari users (#3038)
  • Calendar Schedule CTA in Action Meeting Summary (#3042)

Removed

  • auth0-js (#3038)
  • iterall, known mem leak, but unsure if affects us (#3023)

v3.16.2 2019-Jul-15

Changed

  • Updated sentry
  • Send new error message for offline default facilitator
  • Add tags to rate limiter sentry event
  • Ignore 429 error and google nlp error for sentry

Fixed

  • Patched dataloader-warehouse
  • Prevent duplicate SSE error events for the same user
  • Prevent duplicate end meeting mutations sent from client
  • Prevent missing getMasonry event on demo

v3.16.1 2019-Jul-10

Fixed

  • ResizeObserverPolyfill wrong import

v3.16.0 2019-Jul-10

Added

  • Mass invite link to the team invitation modal (#2994)
  • Single cards can have group titles (#2990)
  • Swipeable mobile left nav for dash and meeting (#3008)
  • Improved logic for automatic facilitator selection (#3010, #2985)

Fixed

  • Timebox works on facilitator change (#2984)
  • No bounce for async stage (#2982)
  • Can’t remove child on portal (#2991)
  • Scroll to agenda input if needed (#2900)
  • Ignore unsupported Google NLP languages (#2850)
  • Tags correctly sent to sentry (#2849)
  • Handle rate limit reached (#2977)
  • Improved responsive view styles (#3009)

v3.15.0 2019-Jun-25

Added

  • Timer, Time Box, and associated Slack notifications
  • Added SU permission to resolveForBillingLeaders()

Fixed

  • Segment fixes:
    • Capitailze first letter of meeting names
    • identify() events were occasionally passing the wrong HubSpot traits
    • renamed name trait to parabolPreferredName
    • Other misc fixes

Removed

  • Segment identify() call when viewer changes
  • Some cruft from ui.js

Fixed

  • capitalized segment Meeting Completed events (#2916)

v3.14.0 2019-Jun-19

Changed

  • Moved integration OAuth flow into their respective managers
  • Refactored all flow components to typescript
  • Improved handling of browsers without permissions API

Removed

  • Legacy Provider mutations
  • Need for calling postdeploy in development

Added

  • Invite emails and dialog views conditionally have active team meeting context
  • A primary button Create Free Account was added to the demo in the top bar and invite dialog

v3.13.0 2019-Jun-12

Changed

  • Refactored the Slack integration to support target UX for team and personal notifications

Fixed

  • Create new stripe subscription after a failed payment followed by a CC update

Removed

  • Legacy meeting fields on the Team object in the DB

Added

  • New stripe per-event handling

v3.12.0 2019-May-29

Added

  • Persist queryMap to DB, this allows folks to complete their old queries after a server upgrade.

Fixed

  • Org avatar input layout
  • Team archive grid layout
  • #2902 avatar shape
  • Wonky invoice layout with wrapping div, bg colors

v3.11.2 2019-May-28

Fixed

  • Meetings for safari users (support window.matchMedia)

v3.11.1 2019-May-28

Fixed

  • Borked end action meeting (fast-rtc-swarm)
  • Action Meeting Title

v3.11.0 2019-May-15

Changed

  • Refactored Action meeting to new meeting format
  • Refactored email summary to support GMail mobile app

Fixed

  • Redirect from /invtation-required

v3.10.1 2019-May-14

Fixed

  • RemoveTeamMember now works (#2880)

v3.10.0 2019-May-08

Added

  • New Segment events to track logins, adding Jira or GitHub cards, and opening help menus in the Retro

v3.9.0 2019-May-01

Added

  • Fallback editor for Android

Fixed

  • Forgot password link

Changed

  • Use Google colors for OAuth2 Button
  • Menus across entire app

v3.8.2 2019-Apr-29

Fixed

  • call to missing primeStandardLoader

v3.8.1 2019-Apr-25

Fixed

  • provider map borked team integrations if GitHub integration exists
  • Error when publishing to Jira (#2829)

v3.8.0 2019-Apr-24

Added

  • Jira integration for issues (#2807, #2814)
  • GitHub integration direct from Task card (#2807)
  • Extra traits on users when retro meeting ends (#2818)
  • Extra call to identify on meeting end (#2795)
  • Over free tier alert (#2797)
  • Retro prompt descriptions (#2703)

Removed

  • Auto-end for long-running retrospective meetings (#2819)

Changed

  • Only allow 1 signup per email, regardless of OAuth or Email/pass

v3.7.2 2019-Apr-03

Fixed

  • Borked demo from featureFlags

v3.7.1 2019-Apr-02

Added

  • Improvements to beta video functionality (#2762)

v3.7.0 - Unreleased

Fixed

  • New version toast (#2760)
  • Superuser access to teams via orgs (#2754)

Changed

  • Tasks are blurred on Enter (#2751)

Added

  • Atlassian Integration OAuth via feature flag (#2743)
  • Video alpha (#2726)

v3.6.1 2019-Mar-14

Fixed

  • Demo was broken by #2712

v3.6.0 2019-Mar-13

Added

  • Spellcheck to cards (#2706)
  • Cypress.io tests
  • Aggressive sub-powered query caching (#2712)

Fixed

  • Squelch Google NLP unsupported languages (again)
  • Updated linter (#2725)
  • Fix infinite recursion when facilitatorPhaseItem is invalid (#2724)
  • Fix buld:dll (#2719)
  • Lock check-in question editing to facilitator (#2718)
  • Fix DashAlert when page is scrollable (#2714)
  • Use Intersection Observer to detect when to load more (#2714)
  • Bug allowing endNewMeeting to be called twice (#2650)
  • Multiple logout bug (#2712)

Removed

  • Legacy invitation patterns & tables

v3.5.1 2019-Feb-28

Fixed

  • OAuth Login problems
  • Reset password problem

v3.5.0 2019-Feb-25

Added

  • Sentry captures for OAuth failures (#2682)
  • invitation-required fallback for visiting team-only view (#2667)

Fixed

  • Missing agendaId in demo (#2678)
  • dataloader cache miss for missing NewMeeting (#2679)
  • Sort ordering of template prompts (#2677)
  • Squelch unsupported language errors from Google NLP (#2680)

Changed

  • Upgraded plenty of dependencies, notably Typescript (#2637)
  • Re-implemented DLLs for faster development (#2637)
  • Refactored all routes to use React.lazy (#2646)

Removed

  • react-portal-hoc (#2659)

v3.4.1 2019-Feb-21

Fixed

  • Meeting Summaries available for archived teams

v3.4.0 2019-Feb-08

Fixed

  • Can delete last card in demo (#2633)
  • Bad teamId in url redirects to /me (#2635)
  • Stuck floating card during group phase (#2610)
  • Errors reported to sentry have a better stack trace (#2631)
  • Viewer connection state updates when offline (#2555)
  • Editing detection logic during Reflect phase (#2601)

Added

  • Source maps to app and sentry
  • Active tasks column to team timeline
  • Heuristics to detect phase completion (#2601)

Changed

  • User Settings renamed to User Profile
  • Upgraded to Relay v2.0.0
  • Use persisted queries instead of full query text

Removed

  • redux-form
  • Usage of legacy React context

v3.3.0 2019-Jan-31

Added

  • Timeline, Suggested Actions, What's New

Fixed

  • Stored XSS through SVGs
  • Meta tags

Removed

  • Welcome wizard

v3.2.0 2019-Jan-24

Changed

  • Switching between sign-up/sign-in forms now preserves entered email
  • Add anonymous segmentId to login payload, aliasing to authenticated user
  • Eased friction adding free users to organizations

v3.1.0 2019-Jan-09

Changed

  • New invitation UX (see PRs #2550, #2556 and issues #2537, #2538, #2539, #2540)
  • Refactored the relationship between organizations and their users (see PR #2560 and issue #2547)

Fixed

  • Check-in prompt editing UX #2548
  • Organization help card styles #1968

v3.0.0 2018-Dec-19

Changed

  • FREE! The whole thing is free!
  • New Pro accounts cost $12/user/mo

Fixed

  • Fixed due date color for past-due items
  • Fixed check in question updates

v2.21.0 2018-Dec-05

Added

  • Improvements to completed retro phases (PR #2518)
  • Support page events for non-users (PR #2520)

Changed

  • Refactor redux out of toasts (PR #2501)

Fixed

  • Fixed remove provider (PR #2517)
  • Fixed agenda input behavior issue for Safari (Issue #2521)

v2.20.3 2018-Nov-27

Fixed

  • Can add GitHub repos #2347

v2.20.2 2018-Nov-18

Fixed

  • When su permissions given: can run downgrade mutation & request certain nested team & org fields

v2.20.0 2018-Nov-14

Added

  • Animations to demo help menu
  • Downgrade mutation on the backend
  • Click-to-expand ellipsis in the meeting summaries for reflections and tasks #2497

Changed

  • Team invite & notification emails look better

Fixed

  • Fix #2397 team name now updates without refresh
  • Fix #2454 Use OS-specific keys in help modal
  • Retro card groups now match the reflection group style
  • Org Approvals are now visible to everyone on the team
  • Minification bug caused export to CSV to fail
  • Agenda list migrated to react-beautiful-dnd
  • All components using react-beautiful-dnd now accurately update when dragging top to bottom

v2.19.0 2018-Nov-07

Added

  • Added CSV download link to retrospective meeting summary email

Fixed

  • Fix #1956 bug: remove user from org fails
  • Fix #2400 completed reflect phase is read only
  • Fix #2432 resize grid when tasks update
  • Fix #2468 retrospective demo bug on quick DnD/grouping
  • Fix #2469 Support mentions in demo tasks
  • Fix #2482 Delete Task not always working
  • Many retrospective meeting demo copy updates

v2.18.0 2018-Oct-31

Added

  • The Retro Demo, ready to try in marketing funnel
  • A new Check-In question (#1531)

Fixed

  • Fixed invoice pagination for organizations

v2.17.0 2018-Oct-25

Added

  • Demo (first pass, not advertised)
  • End Meeting button to all phases
  • Export to CSV button for retros

Changed

  • Bottom nav buttons in meeting
  • Moved vote details to top of phase

v2.16.0

Added

  • Completed switched to Material Design icons

Removed

  • Completely removed Font Awesome icons

v2.15.0 2018-Oct-10

Added

  • Introduces Material Design icons (PR #2434)

Fixed

  • Fixed sidebar toggle in retro lobby (PR #2431)

Removed

  • Yanked serif typeface (PR #2433)

v2.14.0 2018-Sep-26

Added

  • facilitator tooltip for focusing a reflection column

Fixed

  • button elevation
  • reflection spacing inside grouping modal
  • removed emoji popover when no results are found
  • resize handling when editing reflections during reflect phase

v2.13.1 2018-Sep-20

Added

  • GraphiQL now supports requests to the private schema

Fixed

  • Corrected the private schema (some mutations were listed as queries)
  • Moved su* queries from the public to private schema

Removed

  • Public schema no longer supports CLI (all relevant queries were moved to private schema)

v2.13.0 2018-Sep-19

Added

  • Retro UI updates:
    • Discussion phase reflections and tasks are now layed out using masonry
    • Many cosmetic updates to card and stack styling
  • Should loading the app from the CDN fail, we'll load it from the /static dir from location the app was served.
    • This may help the app load behind particularly restrictive corporate firewalls
  • Build scripts now automatically rebuild the dll when yarn.lock changes

Fixed

  • #1349 no dupe team name during team creation & update
  • #2169 no more double duck flashes when switching teams
  • #2328 add waiting status after new team submit
  • #2343 sort orgs by team
  • #2351 due date picker can't change old dates
  • #2383 Retrospective autogrouping
  • Stale meetings should now automatically end, we've fixed the endOldMeetings mutation
  • Graphiql works once again, now uses our new trebuchet transport
  • Graphql endpoint can now fallback to vanilla HTTP transport

v2.12.0 2018-Sep-13

Added

  • Retro prompt templates: users can select, customize, and create templates (PR #2366)
  • Upgraded to Babel 7 (PR #2367)

Fixed

  • Reflection cards have the prompt footer during the discuss phase (#2304)

v2.11.0 2018-Sep-05

Added

  • New reflect phase with personal stack & chits
  • Typescript

Fixed

  • Meeting progress now requires 2 presses of the right arrow & disallows Enter #2356
  • Closing a menu returns focus to the toggle #2333
  • The grouping phase modal has a box shadow #2331

Removed

  • Removed all flow files that referenced typescript HOCs #2352

v2.10.0 2018-Aug-23

Added

  • New layout for the Retro Discuss phase, PR #2320
  • Retro meeting help menus link to our Retrospective Meetings 101 content, PR #2308
  • App now falls back to SSE connections when websockets can’t be used, PR #2318
  • New elevation system for UI inspired by Material Design, PR #2248

Fixed

  • Hides private cards in meeting summary, PR #2330

v2.9.0 2018-Aug-15

Added

  • Completed transition to keyboard accessible Menu component to entire site

Fixed

  • Tasks are marked as being edited when a menu is open
  • Fix Storybook & add support for Relay
  • Fix admin route access
  • Fix emoji menu clicks and enter handling
  • Can join a meeting when its currently in the grouping phase

Removed

  • Legacy Menu component from /newteam, task column and integrations

v2.8.0 2018-Aug-08

Added

  • Moved Facilitator voting controls from sidebar to bottom bar #2185
  • Thumbs up emojis everywhere in Retros #2305

Fixed

  • Fixed voting race conditions fixes #2206 (see PR #2307)
  • Changed log in/create account labels and language #2246
  • Changed check marks to thumbs-up in all aspects of Retro voting phase #2241
  • Group grid layout updates on sidebar toggle #2256
  • yarn storybook fixed for Webpack 4 and Relay #2260

v2.7.0 2018-Jul-24

Fixed

  • Fixed case no. 1 of retro group race bugs #2279
  • Fixed reflection card overwrites, now caching in-progress reflection state #2280

v2.6.0 2018-Jul-18

Added

  • More check-in questions #2251
  • Collapsible new meeting sidebar #2243
  • Rate limiting to invitation mutations #2275

Fixed

  • Promoting to billing leader auto-accepts their pending invites #2247
  • All credit card modals use the updated components #2245

v2.5.1 2018-Jul-17

Fixed

  • Hotfix preventing abuse sending email to particular domains

v2.5.0 2018-Jul-09

Added

  • Changed Retrospective Reflect phase to submit new reflections on pressing the enter key
    • Shift-enter now creates newlines
  • Re-implemented Retrospective grouping:
    • Uses grid-based "masonry" layout
    • Shows multiplayer drags from other users
    • Groups now expand to their own modal
    • Groups now display a count of how many cards are in the group
  • Voting phase now uses thumbs-up icon following user feedback
  • A variety of new check-in questions
  • In-line affordances given to members on pending team invites, see #2108

Fixed

  • Clarified wording of cards auto-populated for new users #1067

v2.4.1 2018-Jun-28

Fixed

  • Bug in uglify borking legacy credit card modal

v2.4.0 2018-Jun-27

Added

  • Quietly working on custom scrollbars, not used in the app yet (#2113, #1763, #2198)

Changed

  • Refactored buttons throughout the app: button variants created using Emotion, styled components (#2193, #1928)
  • More components moved from Aphrodite to Emotion

Fixed

  • Dashboard nav team name overflow (#1029)

v2.3.0 2018-Jun-13

Added

  • Webpack v4 config for smaller, faster bundles

Fixed

  • Flash of login screen before loading dashboard
  • Interrupting chicken during retro discuss phase

Removed

  • server-side rendering
  • support for legacy browsers (IE11)

v2.2.0 2018-May-30

Added

  • You can now reorder the discussion topics in a Retro meeting #2088
  • Minor Retro meeting style improvements

Fixed

  • Help button now accounts for window.scrollX, remaining in it's proper place a when a user scrolls

v2.1.0 2018-May-23

Removed

  • Removed the custom welcome email (#2110)

Fixed

  • Fixed the pending tooltip for team invites (#2116)
  • Fixed the persistent bouncing button (#2099)

v2.0.1 2018-May-22

Fixed

  • No meeting member when user joins team after meeting started
  • Moving tasks to other teams does not update assigneeId (#2143)

v2.0.0 2018-May-16

Added

  • Retrospectives for the general public
  • Prettier and StandardJS style formatting
  • Upgrade modal
  • Segment analytics for socket connect/disconnect events

Fixed

  • Spotty page events for segment
  • Multiple subscription bug #2053
  • Card error in Meeting Summary #2034

v1.9.0 2018-May-09

Added

  • Auto-grouping improvements: ignore plurality and case when grouping
  • Added #2064 end meeting button to Action meeting
  • Added #2087 due dates on Task cards
  • Backend support for #1980, adding nudges for Personal-tier users to upgrade to Pro

Fixed

  • Fixed #2052 pad auth0 1-char names
  • Fixed #2063 auto-grouping improvements
  • Fixed #2097 empty reflections showing up in retrospective group phase
  • Fixed #2094 overlap of deep stacks of reflection cards
  • Fixed #2104 team unable to vote if team member joins after retro meeting started
  • Strikethrough keyboard shortcut

v1.8.0 2018-May-02

Added

  • Users now have a filter search control on My Dashboard #1887

Changed

  • Labels in the retro meeting: Group phase (Group was Theme), [Upvoted] Topic (Topic was Theme) #2041
  • Improves rotation of check-in questions based on team #1578

Fixed

  • Fixed vote count in retro summary email
  • Fixed false toast for not having web sockets #1955
  • Fixed false positive for firewall detection
  • Fixed logic for app upgrade without requiring refresh #2006
  • Fixed navigational issues with the new meeting type #2062 #2060 #1979
  • Trivial fix for suOrgCount query
  • Suppresses task involvement notifications during meetings #1659
  • Fixed archive bugs (card layout and scrolling to load) #1927 #1900

v1.7.1 2018-Apr-26

Fixed

  • Various retro bugs
  • replaced react-beautiful-dnd with react-dnd

v1.7.0 2018-Apr-25

Added

  • new signin logic
  • async emoji support in retros

Fixed

  • email invitations
  • New meeting styles

Removed

  • Auth0-lock
  • Persisted redux state in local storage

v1.6.1 2018-Apr-19

Fixed

  • Minor retro bugs #2022

v1.6.0 2018-Apr-18

Added

  • First end-to-end feature complete retrospective features
  • Retrospective meetings now masked behind user feature flag, not server feature flag
  • Ability to add user feature flags to emails matching regex via addFeatureFlag mutation
  • First pass at styling the retrospective meeting
  • New seed team ids following Auth0 dev/staging account "bankruptcy"

Fixed

  • #1997 fixed failure upon new account creation, Auth0 API exception

Removed

  • Reliance on Auth0 client API; now using Auth0 Management API exclusively

v1.5.3 2018-Apr-12

Fixed

  • Possible login fix with extra logging

v1.5.2 2018-Apr-12

Added

  • Error logging to login mutation

v1.5.1 2018-Apr-12

Fixed

  • Regression in Draft-js #1993

v1.5.0 2018-Apr-11

Added

  • Latest retro meeting progress behind the release flag
  • A batch of UI style updates for consistency and improvements
  • Ability to identify pro users accurately
  • Help dialog content in Action meetings

Fixed

  • Segment identify logic #1901

v1.4.0 2018-Apr-04

Added

  • More check-in questions

Fixed

  • Clear filter after leaving team dashboard #1871
  • Make dash filter menus keyboard accessible
  • Use react-emotion for global CSS styles

v1.3.0 2018-Mar-28

Added

  • New authentication pages
  • Many aesthetic UI updates:
    • Avatars now use new palette
    • Forms updated to match latest styles
    • Email templates match latest styles
    • Settings views updated
    • Notifications updated
    • Cards polished
  • New button to start specific meeting types (behind feature flag)
  • Upgraded Sentry to newest API version
  • Retro reflect phase (behind feature flag)
  • Retro card grouping backend (behind feature flag)
  • Retro card auto grouping and auto-theme naming (behind feature flag)
  • Retro card voting backend (behind feature flag)

Fixed

  • Fixes for Node v9.9
  • Private tasks (#1863)

Removed

  • Stopped asking welcome wizard user for invitee's priority for the week
  • Auth0 Lock

v1.2.0 2018-Mar-21

Added

  • Retro card groups #1729 (behind feature flag)
  • Retro social check-in #1741 (behind feature flag)
  • Retro Backend: Creating & Editing Reflections #1742 (behind feature flag)

v1.1.1 2018-Mar-19

Fixed

  • Regression that would mark team members present when absent was selected

v1.1.0 2018-Mar-14

Added

  • Meeting views were updated to be closer to latest visual concepts
  • Meeting views now have a designated control bar for grouping facilitation affordances
  • Now using raven to handle server errors
  • Added the new lobby UI for retro meetings

Fixed

  • Fixed #1866 infinite loop if you attempt to access admin without admin rights
  • Fixed client-side error handling for graphql errors in http and ws
  • Fixed #1740 phase navigation mutation on backend
  • Fixed invoice history to show when truly paid instead of pending
  • Fixed dataloader exceptions
  • Fixed the ability for admins to impersonate

v1.0.0 2018-Mar-07

Added

  • Client-side filtering behind the localFilter release flag
  • A complete style makeover!
  • React storybook!
  • Retro cards inside storybook
  • Hubspot tiering traits
  • Retro meeting lobby (front-end without UI)

Fixed

  • Intranet GraphQL Ping query
  • Auto-endMeeting now has dataloader and does not throw
  • Notification bell highlighting goes away correctly #1806
  • Team payment status is propagated in real time, no need for a refresh #1821
  • Some links would refuse to be entered into a task #1791
  • Wrong optimistic task when creating a task for someone else #1665
  • Modal appears correctly and menu items inside it close correctly #1801
  • Agenda doesn't jitter on the bottom #1734
  • Agenda scrolls correctly #1802

Removed

  • Lengthy tests before deploying to development server

v0.30.2 2018-Mar-05

Fixed

  • Don't log out when a bad invite token is attempted
  • Keep dispatch after logout
  • Show welcome toast to new team members (missing dispatch)

v0.30.1 2018-Mar-01

Fixed

  • Hotfix for #1817, no longer require active subscription to update credit card

v0.30.0 2018-Feb-28

Added

  • activeProOrgCount and activeProUserCount queries
  • Change the team a card belogs to from My Dashboard (#1474)
  • Password recovery page (behind newSignIn release flag)
  • Retro CTA to team dashboard

v0.29.0 2018-Feb-21

Fixed

  • fixed withCoords
  • added new sign-in page (controlled by newSignIn release flag)

v0.28.1 2018-Feb-19

Fixed

  • unsentMessageQueue never released queries and mutations (#1775)

v0.28.0 2018-Feb-14

Added

  • Done items in the meeting summary

Fixed

  • Connectivity messages for socket disconnects/reconnects/firewalls

Removed

  • SocketCluster in favor of vanilla uws

v0.27.2 2018-Feb-11

Fixed

  • Regression caused by incomplete project -> task refactor (#1728)

v0.27.0 2018-Feb-07

Added

  • Scroll to active agenda item during meeting
  • Renamed Project to Task

Fixed

  • Minor style updates

v0.26.1 2018-Jan-31

Fixed

  • E2E Timeouts

v0.26.0 2018-Jan-31

Added

  • Soft team members

Fixed

  • Errors on removed team members (#1664)
  • Regression in agenda list flow (#1668)
  • Private cards showing up during updates phase (#1604)
  • Vanishing links in cards (#1656)
  • Integration regression (#1667)

v0.25.0 2018-Jan-24

Added

  • Feature flags
  • Message on websocket disconnects

Removed

  • Cashay. We're 100% Relay!

v0.24.1 2018-Jan-10

Fixed

  • Unresponsive filtered add project button #1634

v0.24.0 2018-Jan-08

Added

  • DataLoader to backend
  • GraphQL mutation-based subscriptions
  • Persisted presence

Fixed

  • Copy edits throughout meeting
  • Scrolling card drag-n-drop
  • Various notification bugs and inivtation logic

Removed

  • Dependencies on Cashay for all but user/org

v0.23.0 2017-Nov-17

Added

  • Notifications when someone assigns/mentions you a task
  • Create projects from your own meeting updates phase
  • Send daily re-engagement emails when users have notifications in their Parabol inbox

Fixed

  • Security bug #17
  • Homogenized notifications layout

Fixed

  • #1455 Database migration removing billing info from personal Organizations

v0.22.2 2017-Nov-08

Fixed

  • #1455 Database migration removing billing info from personal Organizations

v0.22.1 2017-Oct-26

Fixed

  • #1445 Regression where team archive was not viewable

v0.22.0 2017-Sep-23

Added

  • Tooltip component
  • Freemium UI implemented
  • Invoices paginated
  • End-to-end test framework and initial authentication tests
  • Ability to edit the meeting check-in question for Pro teams

Fixed

  • Meeting link copier properly links to meeting lobby
  • Toast alerts stay around for 10 seconds
  • Stripe webhooks secured with webhook secret
  • When moving to the next agenda item in a meeting, users adding project cards for the current agenda item stay behind until they're done editing
  • Upgrade to React 16
  • New Team/Organization workflow consolidated
  • Authentication tokens get their own subscription channel
  • Refactors
    • Moving GraphQL client code from Cashay to Relay Modern
    • Stripe webhook handlers change DB state through GraphQL

v0.21.2 - 2017-Oct-23

Fixed

  • #1438 Fixed uncommon TypeError in SocketRoute component

v0.21.1 - 2017-Oct-09

Fixed

  • #1373 Regression with null aud field on the JWT

v0.21.0 - 2017-Sep-23

Added

  • When a user already belongs to Parabol, invitations arrive as notifications, not emails
  • Moved the changeFacilitator, notification, invitation, and acceptance logic from cashay to relay
  • Facilitation hints added to Updates, last Agenda Item
  • Many new unit tests
  • Smaller stuff:
    • Bumped node version to v8.5.0, bumped yarn version to v1.0.1
    • Card footer, owner label updates, ProjectEditor styles updated
    • Now loads Notifications system asynchronously
    • Improved leading blank line validation
    • Added more robust mock pub/sub for testing

Fixed

  • #788 adds meeting count to summary header
  • #883 double alert modal layout
  • #964 no same-day, same check-in question
  • #1023, #1069, #1181, #1164, #1197, #1198, #1202, #1291, #1251, #1282 meeting process updates and fixes
  • #1056, #1283 summary email content order
  • #1119 correctly end stripe subscription for extendTrial
  • #1175 focus url field when making link
  • #1194 remove empty blocks from project top
  • #1277 trial modal blocks left nav
  • #1318 tagging seed projects
  • #1340 bad invitation expirations on prod
  • Fixed infinite loop & upgrade front-end router
  • Segment event error when creating first team

Removed

  • Removed webpack-shell-plugin, appTheme.json now build from npm run build:theme and npm run build:deps; eliminates race condition during build

v0.20.9 - 2017-Sep-02

Added

  • Upgrade to Node.js v8.4.0

Fixed

  • #1320, sendSegmentEvent exception (fixed by Node version update)
  • #1317 TypeError: Cannot read property 'getIn' of undefined
    • Fixed by private fork of draft-js

v0.20.8 - 2017-Aug-31

Fixed

  • #1312 getLength on truncateCard

v0.20.7 - 2017-Aug-25

Fixed

  • #1303 Link Changer modal broke & caused an infinite loop

v0.20.6 - 2017-Aug-24

Fixed

  • #1177 ensure that teamId and orgId are populated on most page load events
  • #1179 no footer icons when menu is open
  • #1193 teamIds to teamId
  • #1206 semicolon delimitation on invites
  • #1229 no space before new link
  • #1233 add your first repo from meeting
  • #1241 duplicate tags extracted from projects
  • #1248 don't let repo admins unlink, destroy the repo if they get removed
  • #1255 modal shudder
  • #1258 Outcome Card editing state turns off when the link modal is open
  • #1270 Archived Projects do not show up for some teams
  • #1275 project placeholder
  • #1279 portal remounts during unmount
  • #1291 failed post-meeting emails
  • #1298 failure on first github provider created
  • #1299 bad rejoin facilitator logic

v0.20.5 - 2017-Aug-16

Removed

  • Snyk (for now)

v0.20.4 - 2017-Aug-16

Fixed

  • #1260 missing team names
  • Upgraded to webpack 3, GraphQL 0.10.5, and much more

v0.20.3 - 2017-Aug-14

Fixed

  • #1242 anyone can assign any team member
  • #1252 fix several are editing bug
  • #1253 regression on clicking card menus

v0.20.2 - 2017-Aug-14

Added

  • add an adminUserId to every github integration

Fixed

  • #1239 Octocat styling regression

v0.20.1 - 2017-Aug-14

Fixed

  • #1243 facilitator tethering issue
  • #1246 be safe with createFromContent

v0.20.0 - 2017-Aug-11

Added

  • Basic Slack integration:
    • Add integration in Team Settings to Slack channels of your choice
    • Get notified when a meeting begins and ends
  • Basic GitHub integration:
    • Access integration settings from Team Settings
    • Create GitHub issues from project cards
    • Basic infrastructure laid for receiving webhooks from GitHub
  • Pattern for animated transitions
  • Fancy new menus for Project Cards
  • Relay and our very own Relay pub/sub pattern

Fixed

  • #1135 yanks action email graphic
  • #1128 toggle label for org members
  • #1055 agenda prompt and create card UI text
  • #1054 name prompt and #460 progress dots
  • #1033 Updates is proper OOUX label
  • #551 timestamp toggle

v0.19.2 - 2017-Jun-29

Fixed

  • #1131 broken new team validation accepts blank name on client
  • #1132 handle shouldValidate and handleSubmit on new team form

v0.19.1 - 2017-Jun-26

Fixed

  • #914 improbable welcome wizard race condition
  • #1047 refactor routing components to stop unnecessary rerenders
  • #1086 teamId/orgId missing from Segment page events
  • #1116 new cards during meeting shows incorrect owner
  • #1117 meeting summary cards not rendering to HTML

v0.19.0 - 2017-Jun-22

Added

  • Fancy new draftjs-based editor for Project cards

Fixed

  • #1085 Migrations on deploy broken (regeneratorRuntime not found)

v0.18.3 - 2017-Jun-14

Added

  • #1070 Create segment event when meeting is automatically ended

Fixed

  • #1074 endOldMeetings: meeting already ended

v0.18.2 - 2017-Jun-02

Added

  • Enhanced design of beta integrations configuration panel, starting with Slack

Fixed

  • Various dependency updates fixing potential security vulnerabilities

v0.18.1 - 2017-May-18

Added

  • Removed references to "Action" as product name, now we're just going what people call us, "Parabol"
  • Tech debt avoidance: switched to react-router v4 and now using prop-types module
  • Added Slack notifications to CircleCI builds
  • Copy updates on landing page
  • During Check-In round, we now say "Here" instead of "Present" for our friends in the UK
  • #990 new new Project card design

Fixed

  • #893 make card on team dash while user filter in on
  • #924 Catch errors during auto-pause users cron job
  • #970 Only send Segment Meeting Completed event for folks who were in the meeting
  • #971 private not private when archived
  • #972 tags don't exist in content
  • #988 word-wrap for agenda placeholders
  • #992 meeting link focus
  • #994 DnD agenda items in team dash

v0.18.0 - 2017-May-04

Added

  • Tags (#archive, #private)
  • Calendar invites on first meeting Email Summary
  • Integrator Microservice (Bull Job Queue, action-integrator)
  • Slack integration (Naive meeting alerts)
  • react-githubish-mentions
  • emoji support in markdown

Fixed

  • CSS For auth0 modal on invitation route
  • sorting first agenda item bug #896

Removed

  • Actions (in favor of private projects)
  • redux-form from projects

v0.17.6 - 2017-Apr-25

Added

  • Hello lang tooltips, we'll now tell you which language is saying hello to you during check-in round
  • teamId added to most segment.io events, so we can account for metrics at the team level
  • Various copy updates across the product

Fixed

  • #927 fix intranet query for un-ended meetings
  • CircleCI circle.yml ssh key management regression fixed

v0.17.5 - 2017-Apr-17

Fixed

  • typo in segment 'Meeting Completed' event
  • fixes #350 and fixes #380 easter eggs
  • fixes #498 column colors
  • fixes #629 landing page
  • fixes #867 free trial date copy change
  • fixes #739 beta stamp
  • fixes #864 team settings panel
  • fixes #882 delete team button
  • fixes #890 update voice of success copy

v0.17.4 - 2017-Apr-07

Added

  • Team dash header changes: (hot lobby button! Team settings! and more!)
  • New rallies!
  • Updated copy for agenda last call

Fixed

  • #508 agenda input shortcut prompt
  • #768 page title improvements
  • Pencil after blur for editable
  • Ensure meeting infinite loop fix
  • Avatar group, dates

v0.17.3 - 2017-Apr-05

Added

  • Action meeting layout and check-in UI/UX changes:
    • #717 Simplified meeting check-in process
    • #627 More vertical height during project updates
    • New placement and look for callouts and avatars
  • New counters on project columns

v0.17.2 - 2017-Apr-04

Added

  • #555 can now archive teams
    • N.B. teams can't yet be unarchived, so be careful :)
  • #878 superuser GraphQL endpoint extendTrial to extend trial time

Fixed

  • #866 trial date completion bug
  • #868, #879 agendas items not marked as complete

v0.17.1 - 2017-Mar-29

Fixed

  • #859 infinite redirect loop when deleting the last phaseItem

v0.17.0 - 2017-Mar-27

Added

  • Start of many copy edits (watch for more changes in future versions), including #716 meeting lobby updates

Fixed

  • #643 summary email subject line
  • #839 max chars for projects
  • #857 mystery notification

v0.16.12 - 2017-Mar-22

Added

  • #344 meeting agenda list now reflects location of Facilitator and participants
  • #837 added Facilitator badge and styling added to meeting Facilitator

Fixed

  • Better fix for #850 r.createdAt.getTime is not a function

v0.16.11 - 2017-Mar-22

Fixed

  • Hotfix #850 r.createdAt.getTime is not a function

v0.16.10 - 2017-Mar-22

Added

  • Clearer direction to meeting participants when they want to skip ahead of the meeting facilitator (#806, #392)
  • Project cards once again submit on enter, not tab
  • #728, #794 markdown now renders in email summary

Fixed

  • Re-adds user traits as context and properties to all segment events
  • #840 column order:
    • We're more orthodox Kanban now dashboards (time flows left to right), but intentionally reversed in meetings so things are covered in a productive order
  • #848 eager-load error validation error for stripCard

v0.16.9 - 2017-Mar-20

Added

  • #404 add automated error reporting if meeting state gets stuck
  • #762 spinner component
  • #820 Trial and payment segment events
  • Added raven message to meeting infiniteLoop watchdog

Fixed

  • Patch for rejoin button styles
  • Ensure graphql gets a promise back from newly non-awaited calls
  • Refactored segment.io calls to only pass identity traits on login and change
  • #442 action disappears when creator reassigns to different owner
  • #444, #663 LeftNav view glitch in Chrome
  • #487 skipping updates to agenda via progress bar causes router loop
  • #553, #773 DnD acts strangly when user filter active on team dashboard
  • #592 facilitator abandons meeting; allow others to end it
  • #660 new team member invite bug
  • #714 Can't delete team members
  • #718 Notification for leaving a team
  • #738 Navigate to Team Settings, error ensues
  • #780 Team settings invite validation allows multiple emails
  • #808 Hey, I wanna pay!
  • #818 highlighted team no worky
  • #821 actions list not showing in my dashboard
  • #824 Editing/cursor bug workaround, root cause still unknown

v0.16.8 - 2017-Mar-14

Fixed

  • #811 Rejoin facilitator button cursor is pointer
  • fix orgName update
  • Dependency bumps & linting

v0.16.7 - 2017-Mar-13

Fixed

  • #808 hey I want to pay!

v0.16.5 - 2017-Mar-11

Added

  • Awesome spinner component
  • Billing unit tests
  • A few modifications and final touches to invoices

Fixed

  • #755 filter handle alignment regression
  • #759 regression: clients unable to accept invitations
  • #793 no such customer exception

v0.16.3 - 8-Mar-2017

Added

  • Unit tests for Action mutations
  • #462 source maps added to minified production builds
  • Individual team and user project drag-and-drop sort orders now combined into one, universal sorting order used across the system
  • Dashboard notification bar is now implemented as a "DashAlert" modal
  • #736 permutations on invoice

Fixed

  • #780 email regex allowed multiple emails
  • #782 regression on Project index used by archived projects
  • #783 ensured CC always exists on org, no longer using pagination for invoiceList
  • #784 invoice icon styling bug in production
  • #553 fine tune DnD
  • #714 can't delete team members
  • #724 top notification bar & dash modal overlap
  • #733 team project columns (filtered by team member) cache/redux error on DnD

v0.16.2 - 4-Mar-2017

Added

v0.16.1 - 2-Mar-2017

Added

  • New unit tests

Fixed

  • Fix upcoming vs pending on invoices
  • #751 production deploy, assets.json not found
  • #753 cannot read property 'bestCursor' of undefined
  • #755 filter handle alignment regression
  • #757 add new team, always shows orgs as "Loading..."

v0.16.0 - 2017-Feb-25

Added

  • Organizations: teams can be tied together into organizations
  • User trials & billing: hey look! A business model!
    • New & grandfathered users start a 30 day trial
    • Trial & access expiry
    • Payment information & stripe integration
    • Invoicing
  • Notifications: a new channel to communicate with our users
  • Portals: we're using react-portal-hoc to implement our dropdown menus and modals
  • Updated to Node.js 7.6.0, native async/await
  • Switched to jest for unit testing
    • Added first suite of server unit tests
  • Refactored drag-and-drop support
  • Refactored KICK_OUT message onto USER_MEMO websocket channel
  • Much improved development build time by dll-izing vendor package
    • See: npm run build:dll
  • Added npm run start:tunnel to start ultrahook to facilitate Stripe & future webhook development
  • Server data validation pattern
  • Badge component
  • Presence added to dashboards (#523)

Fixed

  • #253 auth0 token tms out of sync with rethinkdb
  • #277 graphql browser CSS trouble
  • #437 TypeError: Cannot read property 'openArea' of undefined
  • #517 server exception encountered when generating meeting summary
  • #530 duplicate team selection after reordering
  • #558 when renaming on team settings, validation styling bug
  • #573 Amazon S3 returning 403 for VPN clients
  • #578 meeting Stuck at First Call
  • #583 allow production build without S3
  • #598 fix GraphQL v0.8.0 breaking changes
  • #608 square avatars are square (with rounded styling)
  • #718 toast notification for leaving a team copy
  • #725 acceptInvitation race condition

v0.15.3 - 2017-Feb-11

Added

  • OutcomeCard components (Projects, Action) now re-render their last-updated time on a smart timer

Fixed

  • Generate 'Meeting Completed' on server-side, client was not reliably sending this event

v0.15.2 - 2017-Feb-01

Fixed

  • Incremented package.json version to match tag – oops!

v0.15.1 - 2017-Jan-31

Added

  • (<TAB> saves) string to OutcomeCard components when editing
  • npm run test:xunit command for CircleCI 2.0

v0.15.0 - 2017-Jan-30

Added

  • When version is upgraded, we now emit a toast asking the user to upgrade their client version
  • Markdown support added to Action and Project cards

v0.14.2 - 2017-Jan-29

Fixes

  • #646 the first-time message meeting completion message was not displaying
  • #659 auth0 profile picture meta-information now updated when user changes profile image

v0.14.1 - 2017-Jan-16

Added

  • Adopted CircleCI 2.0 beta. See circle.yml. Now deploys securely to staging and production servers directly from CI servers.
  • Added three seed projects for new team leaders as a simplified on-boarding experience before we implement more immersive tutorial. Implements #631.
  • Segment.io event tracking for welcome wizard during step3 when users only want to kick the tires (#638)

Removed

  • Segment.io analytics from npm run dev and npm run start when running on development machine.
  • Only allow for /email route in development (#637)

Fixed

  • Fixes CircleCI caching issues building native bcrypt modules.

v0.14.0 - 2017-Jan-09

Added

  • Implements #595; upload of user avatar images to S3
  • npm run build:deploy and npm run build:min commands

v0.13.6 - 2016-Dec-20

Added

  • User impersonation, login as a user with knowing their credentials on route /admin/impersonate/:userid
  • Expanded requireAuthAndRole with optional args
  • Added segment.io event on 'New Team' creation

v0.13.5 - 2016-Dec-12

Fixed

  • #556 archived cards no longer let you change the owner
  • #557 blur agenda item input after submit
  • #559 participants stopped following the leader after meeting "Last Call"

v0.13.4 - 2016-Dec-08

Fixed

  • #564 Fix email validation

v0.13.3 - 2016-Dec-05

Added

  • Validations system (see: src/universal/validations/legitify.js)
    • Added client and server validations for all mutations
  • Allow team leaders to skip step 3 of the welcome wizard (see #354)
  • S3 deploys into versioned directories within bucket (see #493)

Fixed

  • #547 welcome wizard step 3 cleanup
  • #549 welcome wizard step 3: removing email calls submit

v0.13.2 - 2016-Nov-27

Added

  • 'Player joined' message when teammate accepts invitation

Fixed

  • #543 unable to end action meeting

v0.13.1 - 2016-Nov-25

Added

  • Can now filter by team member on team dashboard Views
  • Updated FontAwesome to v4.7.0

Fixed

  • #514 Relabeling Actions and Projects during agenda processing
    • Copy now reads "New private action" and "New team project"
  • #536 Cashay warning while proceeding through check-in round

v0.13.0 - 2016-Nov-22

We tagged v0.13.0 on our 1,300th commit. What a coinkidink!

Added

  • Drag-and-drop everywhere: My Dashboard (actions, projects), Team Dashboards (meeting agenda queue, projects), meeting project updates, and meeting agenda items

Fixed

  • #508 Agenda items collapse around 1265px
  • #517 Server exception encountered when generating meeting summary

v0.12.1 - 2016-Nov-15

Fixed

  • #518 Removed team member does not redirect away while on team dashboard

v0.12.0 - 2016-Nov-15

Added

  • Added Team Settings implementation
    • Can now rename teams
    • Can promote a new team leader
    • Can invite new team members
      • Can resend invitations
      • Can revoke invitations
    • Can remove team members (even if they are in a meeting)

Fixed

  • #512 Grant facilitation permission to every team member

v0.11.0 - 2016-Nov-05

Added

  • Added S3 deployment to npm run build:client-min and application

Fixed

  • #482 Avatar style improvements
    • Restores a default box shadow, with the option for border styling
    • Makes lobby and last call primary buttons more prominent
  • #492 minor UI updates
    • DashModal has updated border styling
    • SummaryHeader has button-styled link to team dashboard
    • LastCall pulls success expression from array

v0.10.0 - 2016-Nov-02

Added

  • #458 Added ability to create and invite new teams
  • #466 Can now press escape to blur agenda list input
  • redux-raven-middleware to include redux events in error reporting

Fixed

  • #161, #162 Changed lobby copy to better illustrate when check-in round begins
  • #379 Uncaught TypeError: Cannot read property 'openArea' of undefined
  • #411 Fix isFacilitating box shadow
  • #474 Can steal facilitator role with refresh
  • Updated styles for waiting message on last call
  • Increased contrast of avatar outlines, misc. styling improvements
  • Updated email link copy to summary

v0.9.6 - 2016-Oct-29

Added

  • Automatic election of new facilitator when old facilitator disconnects
  • Refactor of socket management; added container decorator to maintain socket connection

Fixed

  • #438 fixed TypeError: Cannot read property 'id' of undefined
  • #447 unable to signout and login properly
  • Fixed race condition landing on meeting summary route at end of meeting
  • Fixed short urls

v0.9.5 - 2016-Oct-25

Fixed

  • #433 server crashing on localhost
  • #440 sentry.io bug on id field
  • #445 summary rendering “0” when there aren’t members without new outcomes

v0.9.4 - 2016-Oct-24

Fixed

  • #428 makeAppLink
  • #429 race to meeting summary and lobby
  • #430 generate only 1 email
  • #431 killMeeting

v0.9.3 - 2016-Oct-24

Added

  • New meeting summary web view and email
  • Segment.io adoption funnel and usage tracking:
    • Welcome wizard events, 'Meeting Completed' events
    • Added segmentEventPage, renamed segmentEvent -> segmentEventTrack
    • Added Helmet components to update title on key routes
  • Simple singular, plural for Last Call (#419)

Fixed

  • Segment page events now report correct document title
  • #413 fixes build minification

v0.8.1 - 2016-Oct-19

Added

  • Sentry.io automated error reporting for server and client

Fixed

  • #68 use auth0 refreshToken to keep a user logged in during a meeting
  • #393 do not require enter key to advance check-in during a meeting
  • #394 end meeting button copy should differ depending on user context
  • #395 going back one meeting phase doesn't update phaseItem
  • #396 creating agenda items from last call doesn't register them in the total or summary
  • #397 breaks on react-router infinite loop redirect
  • #400 Doesn't submit twice when using Enter to submit outcome changes

v0.8.0 - 2016-Oct-18

Added

  • End of meeting summary

v0.7.5 - 2016-Oct-15

Added

  • Temporarily wired meeting last call button to endMeeting mutation to enable more user testing
  • Re-added piping to reload server code when running npm run dev

Removed

  • Double dependency in package.json on react-hot-loader

Fixed

  • Re-added actions subscription channel, was still being used by user dashboard

v0.7.4 - 2016-Oct-12

Added

  • #333 Distribute auth0 clientId and domain via SSR, allows configurability of differing auth0 domains

Fixed

  • #325 Adding new action during action meeting shows others that new project is being created
  • #326 Unable to make initial assignment of Action/Project to user other than self
  • #327 Agenda order processing broken
  • #328 Adding new agenda item causes other users to navigate away
  • #331 Enhance design of "Whatcha need?" prompt of agenda processing
  • #338 Font variants not loading
  • #346 Error during meeting crashes browser
  • #347 Archive Card textarea disabled state
  • #349 Cannot start meeting
  • #351 Font loads twice error
  • #373 Read-only team name outline/focus

v0.7.1 - 2016-Oct-05

Fixed

  • Fixed: #322, #323, #334, #335, #336

v0.7.0 - 2016-Oct-04

Added

  • Now using aphrodite for styling
  • Me dashboard now has buttons to add new outcomes for Actions and Projects
  • Me dashboard now has a filter option to see Projects by a specific team

Removed

Fixed

  • Fixed: #124, #190, #221, #227, #252, #276, #282, #290, #295, #302, #305, #307, #313

v0.6.3 - 2016-Sep-28

Fixed

  • Agenda processing order fix for issue #294

v0.6.2 - 2016-Sep-27

Added

  • Processing of agenda items during meeting into new projects and actions

Fixed

v0.6.1 - 2016-Sep-23

Added

  • Now supports removal of agenda items
  • Stubbed in meeting last call for agenda items
  • Now uses Cashay @live directive in subscriptions
  • Added agenda hotkeys
  • Partial implementation of agenda processing
  • Extraction of 3rd party CSS files into their own static assets
    • Decouples Graphiql from react-look
  • Many, many aesthetic dashboard and card improvements
  • Agenda list updates
  • Archiving and un-archiving of project cards
  • Equity for Effort documentation updates

Removed

  • Switched back to official segment snippet generation function

Fixed

  • First call for agenda items causing infinite loop
  • Fixes for moveMeeting mutation & makePhaseItemFactory
  • Fixes #202, adds correct auth0 management token
  • Fixes for #119, #188, #225, #231, #241, #233, and #260
  • Merged #267 autofocus fix

v0.5.3 - 2016-Aug-30

Added

  • Project updates section
  • Rally easter eggs
  • Segment.io metrics tracking
  • Randomized check-in questions

Removed

  • editingDuck in favor of Cashay computed props

Fixed

  • Invitations and team membership + rethinkdb query optimization
  • Simplified check-in cards design
  • Landing page spacing
  • Lots of copy updates
  • redux-socket-cluster disconnect timeout
  • Refactored dashboard components into many clearer containers

v0.4.1 - 2016-Aug-16

Added

  • Added partial /me dashboard implementation
  • Wired up project status and ownership assignment on dashboards
  • Added displayed of multiplayer card editing status to project cards
    • Uses sockets-based presence system (see @socketWithPresence decorator)
  • Improved styling of project columns on dashboards
  • Temporary patch allowing invitation links to add existing users to teams
    • Later this will be handled exclusively by the dashboard

Removed

  • Unused file universal/utils/schema.js

Fixed

  • onBlur handler for project cards (OutcomeCardTextAreaField component)

v0.4.0 - 2016-Aug-13

Added

  • User invitations
    • Note: invites only process currently for new users
  • Lots of infrastructure for pub/sub through the app
  • User presence (who's here? who's just left?)
  • /logout route
  • Action meeting:
    • Lobby
      • Connection states
      • Start meeting
    • Check-in round
      • Update check-in states
      • Navigate forward and backward
    • Placeholder project updates layout
  • Team dashboard:
    • Agenda items
    • Add new projects in column
    • Edit project description
    • Data model for sorting above list items
    • Dashboard div marking it unavailable when meeting is in progress
  • Refactored auth token meta-data to include team membership, & more
  • Refactored authDuck to parse auth token
  • npm run lint:fix
  • Many redux unit tests

Removed

  • Breaking change: removed original migrations. You'll need to wipe your database and start again.

v0.3.0 - 2016-Jul-04

Added

  • rethink-migrate back to project
  • CircleCI
  • Toast notifications based upon react-notification-system
  • Cashay
  • JSON theme generation using WebpackShellPlugin
  • redux-form
  • redux-persist
  • Email generation
    • mailgun sending emails
    • oy for HTML4 email content generation
    • mailcomposer for MIME email creation
    • cheerio to parse HTML and custom code to embed images
  • Refactored team leader on-boarding journey to use cashay and refactored into Welcome module
  • Refactored authentication token handling system (see ReduxAuthEngine)
  • Numerous components
  • First suite of unit tests

Removed

  • ImmutableJS
  • react-hot-loader from production configuration

Fixed

  • GraphiQL queries with variables

v0.2.0 (untagged)

  • Adopted react-look for inline styling
  • Restructured styles into a computed set of themes
  • Began UI pattern library
  • Reintroduced migrations using rethink-migrate
  • Implemented new team creation and invitations process

v0.1.0

Added

  • Moved to the meatier stack
  • Fixed JWT expiry handling
  • Fixed FOUCs in dev mode
  • Removed cookies
  • Removed sessions
  • Removed Sails
  • Remove migrations
  • Switched from Falcor to GraphQL
  • Added GraphiQL
  • Upgraded to Babel 6
  • Upgraded to react-router
  • Upgraded to react-router-redux

v0.0.1 (untagged)

Added

  • Initial fork from react-redux-universal-hot-example by @jrhusney
  • Initial UX design by @jrhusney & @ackernaut
  • Initial CSS by @ackernaut
  • Demonstration model and falcor-saddle integration by @jrhusney
  • socket.io change feed → client Redux implementation by @jrhusney
  • Demonstration of realtime collaboration by @jrhusney & @ackernaut
  • Documentation by @jrhusney
You can’t perform that action at this time.